Klaatu addresses Barnhardt's assembled scientists, informing them that he represents an interplanetary organization that created a police force of invincible robots like Gort. After surgery, he uses a salve to quickly heal his wound. A humanoid (Michael Rennie) emerges, announcing that he has come in peace. The boy takes Klaatu on a tour of the city, including a visit to his father's grave in Arlington National Cemetery; Klaatu learns that most of those buried there were killed in wars. The next morning, Klaatu listens to the boarders speculate about the alien's motivations. Among the residents are young widow Helen Benson (Patricia Neal) and her son Bobby (Billy Gray). Meanwhile, the Army is unable to enter the saucer; Gort stands outside, silent and unmoving. The alien, Klaatu, is taken to Walter Reed Hospital. En route he tells her that should anything happen to him, she must say to Gort, "Klaatu barada nikto". He explains that the now-broken device was a gift for the President which would have enabled him "to study life on the other planets".
Cropsy takes Alfred hostage inside an abandoned mineshaft, and pins him to a wall with his shears before arming himself with a flamethrower-esque blowtorch. The flames reach to a gas tank, where it ignites Cropsy and his cabin. One night at Camp Blackfoot, several campers pull a prank on the caretaker named Cropsy by setting a worm-riddled skull next to his bed with candles in the eye sockets. They make their way outside to Michelle, who has brought the police via helicopter, and Cropsy's corpse continues to burn away. Soon, he arms himself with a pair of garden shears and sets out to another summer camp entitled Camp Stonewater. At the camp, the counselors and campers are playing baseball and Tiger, one of the campers, goes to search for the baseball lost in the woods. Eddy is upset when Karen reconsiders having sex with him, and leaves the lake to get her clothes. While she and Todd question Eddy, the campers Fish, Woodstock, Marine, and Barbara search for the canoes on a makeshift raft. He reappears and is killed by Todd when he slams the axe into his face, and Alfred ignites him once again. As she collects them, Cropsy grabs her and slashes her throat with his shears.
Ultimately the medal was not found and the Central Bureau of Investigations (CBI) dropped the case in 2010. Nobel Chor is the story of this journey through which the film explores contemporary India at its fullest – the encroachment of globalization, the rural-urban divide and the state of India's villages. He becomes the hope of the entire village. [citation needed] On arrival in the city, Bhanu encounters myriad experiences with crooks, strange memorabilia collectors, entrepreneurs who want to exploit the poor man who just has a simple of dream of being able to give his son a better future and uplift the state of his impoverished village. With this in the backdrop "Nobel Chor" (The Nobel Thief) is a fictional account of a poor farmer, Bhanu, who circumstantially gets involved in the theft. Subsequently a nationwide furor started and a massive search operation was put in place to find the guilty. The first Asian Nobel Laureate, Rabindranath Tagore, is still revered as an icon in India. More importantly it is a trenchant exploration of the relevance of Tagore's philosophy in modern India. On 24 March 2004, his Nobel medal was stolen from Shantiniketan in Bengal, where it was housed in his residence turned museum.
He becomes infuriated with this realization and decides to plumb the deepest depths of this enormous mystery. Genetic analysis reveals he is the ultimate result of long-running eugenics experiments devised by Arthur Frayn—who is Zardoz—who controlled the outlands with the Exterminators, thus coercing the Brutals to supply the Vortices with grain. Arriving in the Vortex, Zed meets two Eternals — Consuella (Charlotte Rampling) and May (Sara Kestelman). Consuella wants Zed destroyed immediately; others, led by May and a subversive Eternal named Friend (John Alderton), insist on keeping him alive for further study. Zed escapes and, aided by May and Friend, absorbs all the Eternals' knowledge, including that of the Vortex's origin, to destroy the Tabernacle. The needlessness of procreation has rendered the men impotent and meditation has replaced sleep. Zed (Sean Connery), a Brutal Exterminator, hides aboard Zardoz during one trip, temporarily "killing" its Eternal operator-creator Arthur Frayn (Niall Buggy). The connection between the two groups is through Brutal Exterminators, who kill and terrorize other "Brutals" at the orders of a huge flying stone head called Zardoz, which supplies them with weapons in exchange for the food they collect. The Eternals spend their days stewarding mankind's vast knowledge—through a voice recognition based search engine—baking special bread for themselves from the grain deliveries and participating in communal meditation rituals. A few Eternals do escape the Vortex's destruction, heading out to radically new lives as fellow mortal beings among the Brutals.
In the meantime, they are surprised by the unexpected arrival of young Napa Valley oenophile Christie Roberts, who is backpacking through Europe and claims to be Henry's previously unknown illegitimate daughter. (as a child Max signed cheques for his uncle, and is able to replicate his handwriting and signature). Meanwhile, Max is now able to focus his entire attention on Fanny. A disillusioned Christie also decides to move on. This delay causes Max to miss his flight and, having failed to report to the directors in person, he is suspended from work and trading activities for one week. Upon Nigel's dismissive comment that the real one is kept in a vault and the $200,000 copy in the office is for show, Max reconsiders if he wants to still be like Nigel. Some 25 years later, Max is an unethical yet very successful hard-working London-based bond trader with a sense of humour. The estate is sold and Max returns to London where Sir Nigel, the company chairman, offers him a choice: "Money or your life" - either a discharge settlement, which includes "a lot of zeros," or the partnership in the trading firm, where he would then be "made for life". During dinner at the Duflot house, while slightly inebriated, Max exposes his concern that she might lay claim to the estate and brusquely interrogates her. Max becomes enamoured with the beautiful, feisty café owner Fanny, who is rumoured to have sworn off men.
Julian demands an extra amount of money as "expenses" for his work, but is beaten and placed in the boot of Ray's car until he just accepts his share. His mother gives him some money and her car to use, disappointed in her son's career but still caring for him. However, they discover they barely got the amount of money they wanted, and only £68,000 to each man. The group attack Chris in his apartment, and he is forced to reveal that the money is in a locker room at a local police station. They conclude that Sonny stole the money and break into his house, only to find Jason dead with a headwound. Believing that he may be arrested for murder, Ray decides to flee after the money is found, and goes to his mother and Connie for help. The next day, Ray and Stevie, who live together with Connie, are alerted by a bruised Dave that his money was stolen, apparently by Julian. Ray, Stevie and Julian sneak into the police station and gain the money, but Julian turns on the other two and gains all the money. Five men, criminals Ray, Dave, Stevie, Julian ("Julie" as a nickname), and Jason, plan a heist to steal a minimum of £2 million. The four are alerted to a pair of undercover police officers and flee, Dave and Julian engaging in a shootout with the police.
As luck would have it a fairy godmother, who has a talent for sensing the wishes of those who are pure in heart, arrives and creates three beautiful gowns while Cinderella rests. Cinderella is sent off to the ball with a warning that the magic can only last until midnight ("Suddenly It Happens"). Whilst putting flowers by her parents' grave, she inadvertently stumbles upon the prince, and his friend and bodyguard John, who are visiting the Royal crypt. Cinderella and Edward live happily ever after. The Prince sardonically talks about his dead ancestors, with whom he will one day be buried ("What a Comforting Thing to Know"). John is also suffering as a result of love: he is in love with a noblewoman, but his position forbids them to be together ("Position and Positioning"). She transforms Cinderella's shabby dress into a lovely gown, arranges her hair in the period fashion, and a coach and horses are magically prepared. Cinderella tells her stepmother and stepsisters that she forgives them for their abuse. Edward builds a monument for the slipper and hopes that one day his lost love will turn up. When news arrives that Carolsveld intends to make war on Euphrania, Edward has no choice but to accept.
Rudy refuses to believe she is a spy and does not even search her. This time, Rudy does not let her get away. Rudy is assigned to Major Lieber (Edward Ellis), the man in charge of the unit developing the weapon. Rudy sees Karen every night, and the pair fall in love. Later, when the train is stopped short of their destination, she slips away while he goes in search of a car. He gets a lead when a secret message is intercepted; it contains information about a newly improved flamethrower. Rudy is delighted when Lieber introduces him to nurse Karen Schöntag, his former traveling companion. Her contact insists on taking her there. K-14 is suspicious, but feels she must go. He has to drag K-14 away from the wounded Rudy, who also urges her to flee.
Sanjay (Vijayaraghavan), a close buddy of Joseph during his Mussourie training days, arrives in Kozhikode to investigate the murder of Dr. Vijay, who happens to be his younger brother. However, Jayakrishnan, refusing to concede defeat, takes one of his guards' guns and fires at the crowd, killing Vikram and several citizens. Krishnan). However, before Alex and Prasad could escort Iyer to the police station, Iyer's boss Vikram Khorpade, a Mumbai underworld don who has strong ties with Jayakrishnan and being a major player in the conspiracy, arrives and causes a shootout that allowed him to rescue Iyer. Joseph is then hailed as a hero by the public for his actions. It later turns out that Anura's behavior was rooted from a horrible experience of when her father continuously cheated on her mother a lot, and that her mother prayed to her to no avail, which is why Anura pretended to be a freak to ease her pain. After arresting Iyer, Joseph uses the same sedative that resulted in Dr. Vijay's death to force Iyer into giving out important information of the conspiracy behind the communal riot. However, Joseph stands up by berating Varghese for his belief to using his power to hurt others. Madhu Kumar (Appa Haja), a wildlife photographer, witnesses a group of criminals transporting explosives through the local forest check post, so he calls up the local police commissioner Shankar (Devan) and passes the information. On the arrival at the airport after a sworn-in ceremony as the new Cabinet Minister, Jayakrishnan is met by an angry Joseph and several other officers, as they have awaited for his return.
The voice informs the survivors (whom the Venusians refer to as the "Last of Man") in the Russian ship that Astra no longer exists (presumably destroyed somehow by the telepathic Venusians), and that no humans (due to their "self-destructive" potential) will be allowed to reach Venus. A spy (Essie Lin Chia (fr)) discovers that the Chinese government has created a doomsday device (the "key" to which, "only Chairman Mao has") capable of destroying the Earth and it will be activated in 72 hours. A disembodied voice cuts in, claiming to be the collective consciousness of the Venusian population. As Astra continues to Venus, the crew realizes that a safe landing on Venus is impossible unless the crew is reduced to three. One of the crew members tries to rape another, at which point she accidentally gets them both blown out of an airlock. Shortly after this, the device goes off and Earth is destroyed. Soon after, Astra – a two-year return mission to Venus by the United States Space Program – has its time of launch speeded up and half of the male flight crew are replaced by women shortly before take-off, including one Russian. After leaving Earth, the seven crew members of Astra deduce that they have been put together to restart the human race should the Chinese activate their device. The second craft proves to be a lost Soviet ship that disappeared piloted by a close friend of the Russian crew member. Before the two ships can rendezvous, contact with Astra is lost.
The third story revolves around a couple, Vishwas (Sunil Shetty), and his wife (Sonali Kulkarni) who both live with their son, Chintu. There, Varsha (Bipasha Basu) invites him in and claims she has been lonely for the past few years since her husband Rahul died. Just as the boy looks back at the upstairs room to see if he was followed out, he sees the old lady right beside him, smirking. He finds a young woman standing on the highway. Before he dies, as if confirming his statement, he says, "See sir, accidents are never predicted!" Realizing what is going on, the boy tries to make a frantic escape out of the house but the doors are all jammed and locked. Riya takes off her mask, which was stained with fake blood, and a microphone that changed her voice to make it sound ghostly. Every minute, the professor points out something (or someone) in his house. After a few moments, the three hear a door knock, and Rahul goes outside to check and then he screams for Varsha and while Kunal decides to stay inside the house. The first story is about a professor, Sunil Khanna (Amitabh Bachchan), who is giving tuition to one of his Biotechnology student Altaaf (Riteish Deshmukh) at home.
Dal runs into an old flame, Jerry (Vivien Oakland), now wed to a lawyer named Classon (Ralph Morgan). She hated the convicted man for ruining her father. Classon, it turns out, is also searching for Alice; she can provide an alibi for his client, convicted of a murder in Chicago. It is Robert Classon. It turns out that Jerry had carried on affairs, first with the Chicago murder victim, then with his accused killer. Dal sets up a trap in a Greenwich Village apartment, pretending to have located the missing Mary there and notifying each of the suspects that she is leaving there to meet him at his suite. When he gets them (using a bit of blackmail), he is annoyed to discover that they actually belong to a friend of Donna's. Dal negotiates with gangster Kinland to retrieve letters embarrassing to Donna. Gossip columnist Tommy Tennant (Russell Hopton) claims to have discovered a vital clue to the mystery, but before he can reveal it, he is shot in Dal's suite. Along with Donna Mantin (Ginger Rogers), who has romantic designs on him, "Dal" attends a hit stage show called "Midnight" that stars a masked actress, Mary Smith (Bess Flowers), who vanishes in mid-performance when Winthrop recognizes her and blurts out the name Alice.
As they leave; George is suddenly hit by a speeding ambulance and Nick realizes that Lori and Janet are still in danger. Nick and George track Jonathan down at a hospital, where he remained in traction recovering from the accident, and they witness him being crushed by an overflowing bathtub that falls through the ceiling. When Nick panics a fight breaks out and several people leave the stadium, including, Lori, Hunt, Janet, security guard George Lanter, mechanic Andy Kewzer, his girlfriend Nadia Monroy, racist tow truck driver Carter Daniels, and mother Samantha Lane. While watching the race, Nick has a premonition of a horrible car accident that sends debris into the stands, causing the stadium to collapse. As Nadia berates the group a stray tire suddenly flies out the stadium and decapitates her. Several days after the accident, Carter tries to set a cross on fire on George's lawn for preventing him from saving his wife, but a chain reaction causes him to be dragged down the street on fire before his tow truck explodes. At the mall, Lori begins seeing omens as well. The next day, Samantha is leaving the beauty salon when a rock propelled by a lawn mower is suddenly shot through her eye, killing her. Nick believes saving Janet must have ruined Death's plan and the group celebrates. While talking with Lori and Janet, he starts to see more omens and alludes the theory that his predictions were red herrings meant to lead them to where they needed to be for Death to strike.
Sanjay comes home to realize his mother's death. This is when he is introduced to the heinous crime of chain snatching and is introduced to Mani (Anil Siddhu) who is heading a gang of young college going chain snatchers. Though hesitant at first, the others join him when 2 of the boys get caught by police and Mani(Anil Siddhu) doesn't come to their aid. Karthik joins the gang and starts to earn through chain snatching and gets all the things he wants. The plot turns when Karthik decides to do these crimes alone without having to give any commission to Mani(Anil Siddhu). Problem begins when Karthik , who is pressurized by his girlfriend Shobha (Ekta) to get an expensive bike, persuades his family to get him a bike. An argument begins and Karthik pushes his mother to death. The film begins with Sanjay (Srinagar Kitty) along with his friend locking up an unknown man and torturing him with a camera filming the whole incident. The movie then turns to a flash back, where Sanjay narrates how happy he and his family was. Though hesitant at first, they agree to get him a bike of his choice at the earliest.However, Sanjay is unable to get a loan from his owner (Nagendra Shah).The delay in getting his bike and seeing his classmate James (Girish) spending casually makes him curious to know what he does for money.
Sahiba was a virtuous person who did not desire any bloodshed, but she knows that Jeet and Mirza are both men of strength., and one will end up dead. Then, Sahiba and Mirza lodge at farm cabin and Sahiba wakes up but feels that her brothers shouldn't be killed and takes out all the bullets from Mirza's gun, on which he depends. Mirza enters Jeet's gang, yet Jeet doesn't know he's after Sahiba. The story takes a turn as Mirza meets Sahiba and their love flourishes once again. Mirza (Gippy Grewal) and his Sahiba (Mandy Takhar) fall in love with each other at a very young age. Mirza decides to infiltrate Jeet's gang. This leaves Mirza caught between his love and the hatred he has for her brothers. The plot continues many years later when Mirza and Sahiba return to the same home town where they once grew up together. His battle becomes personal with his leader, Jeet. Mirza: The Untold Story is based on the legendary love story of Mirza and Sahiba.
Chuck, who had arrived at the Macaulay home just before Gail left for the ill-fated reunion with Gert, has spent the worried night with Gail's parents after having the situation explained to him. At the graduation ceremony, Gail imbues her valedictory speech about citizenship with a loving message about the true meaning of family, to the delight of her parents, sisters, and Chuck. Gail persuades Lois to have their lawyer arrange a meeting with her birth mother, but Lois decides to visit Gert in her Long Beach home first. When Gail enters the house, Gert introduces her as the daughter of an old friend. That evening, at Gail's 18th birthday party, Joan flirts with Chuck, and when her angry sister confronts her, Joan reveals the truth about her background. This idea of family as "the people who are there for you" is reinforced when Gail learns that Zaza's father will not be attending their high school graduation ceremony, having chosen to attend an out-of-town party instead. When Joan needs her birth certificate in order to obtain summer employment, her mother Lois tells her to look in a box in her dresser, where the girl discovers Gail's adoption papers. When Gail fails to return home, Gail's parents begin to worry and Chuck goes to Zaza's house and reproaches Gail for hurting the people who raised her and loved her as their own. After Gail and her friend Zaza depart for Gert's home, Lois receives a panicked phone call from the woman telling her Jim canceled his plans and is staying home to play cards with friends. Gert is thrilled to see photographs of Gail but is loath to let her second husband Jim know she has a child, so Lois arranges a meeting the following evening, when Jim will be out.
During the stay at the hotel Mama has one of her "attacks" and Dr. Harmon (Kenneth Harlan) is called in. He soon discovers the exact trouble and orders Mrs. Orrin to bed with instructions that she not even see her daughter. Shifting to the modern story, Mrs. Orrin (Effie Shannon), Eve's (Constance Talmadge) mother, goes into hysterics at the thought of losing her daughter. The serpent then tells her to go into hysterics and Adam will give her the apple. Merchant (Katharine Kaelred), who lives with them, have decided that Eve will marry Mrs. Mrs. Orrin disobeys these orders and then Eve's nerves give way, causing a second visit by the doctor. As summarized in a film publication,[4] a prologue, which explains where the author got her idea for the story, shows Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. Mrs. Orrin and Mrs. Besides winning the love of her doctor, she cures her mother of her hysterics. He takes Eve away from the mother, but after Henry accuses the doctor of being a fortune seeker, the doctor refuses to have anything to do with Eve.
In 1923, two youths, Rocky Sullivan (Frankie Burke) and Jerry Connolly (William Tracy), attempt to rob a railroad car carrying fountain pens. His lawyer and co-conspirator, Jim Frazier (Humphrey Bogart), asks him to take the blame and, in exchange, he will give Rocky the stolen $100,000 on the day he is released. They admire Rocky's reputation and criminal lifestyle so, after retrieving his wallet, Rocky invites them to dinner. While trying to escape, Rocky is shot in the leg and caught. Jerry arrives and tries to reason with Rocky, telling him the entire building is surrounded, but Rocky takes him hostage. Rocky is pickpocketed after leaving the casino. He then pays a visit to Frazier's casino. Jerry escapes from the police, while Rocky is caught and sentenced to reform school. A standoff ensues with other police. Rocky is arrested, but after discovering he has possession of the ledger, Frazier tells the police it was all a "misunderstanding", and Rocky is released.
Kanakadurga (Jayasudha) brings him up along with her son Jai Dev (Vamsikrishna). The film ends on a happy note as Kalidasu and Archana are in Love and lead a happy life. However, after going to the college, the principal (Tanikella Bharani) reveals that Dev is killed by the goons led by a political leader (Rajan P. Dev) and his henchmen Pratap and Ajay to save the college maintained by Archana (Real name of Mirchi). The girl says that her name is Mirchi (Tamannaah) and pretends that she is a lunatic. However, Kalidasu kills that factionist and escapes from Rayalaseema and reaches Guntur. But Kalidasu does not believe that she is lunatic and suspects her that she is pretending. In the climax, Kalidasu's trick again makes Ajay meet his own death. Kalidasu goes to Hyderabad after noticing Dev's photo with Mirchi in her mobile phone. Then Kalidasu starts his mind game and plays a trick, which makes Pratap to kill his own brothers. Once some goons led by Pratap and Ajay (Vinodkumar and Ajay) reach Guntur and take away Mirchi after killing Basha.
Doris is too busy training with her mother (Lucile Watson) and vocal coach to note what her husband is up to, and believes that he is on the road for his wrecking work. A few days later, Leonard resides penniless in a hotel and finds out that Doris currently lives in Palm Beach. An irritated Cecil and her assistant give him some pills and a potion, causing him to feel sick, and fall from the stage before the entire audience. Cecil is disappointed that Leonard pretends not to know her and assures Doris that she is not attracted to him whatsoever, and only knows him through the opera. The two quickly hit it off and share a passionate kiss. Due to financial troubles, Leonard accepts a steady opera job. He ends his embarrassing performance by falling into the orchestra pit, prompting a livid Cecil to order him to leave. While on tour, Cecil attempts to seduce him, but Leonard, still much in love with Doris, rejects her. Noticing Leonard's uncomfortable reaction to Cecil's presence at the party, Doris realizes that she might be her husband's mistress. Back in New York, Leonard learns that Doris is now under medical care for shock treatment, caused by a disastrous booking at a movie palace.
That night, Peggy is woken by noise in the house. Garry immediately recognizes the ring on the necklace, and realizes that Peggy must be his daughter. He does not recognize Garry and shoots him, believing him to be an intruder. Simon finally reconciles with his daughter and welcomes Garry to their home. He quickly becomes fond of her, but he does not recognize her as his daughter, and takes her to the police station. Before he has a chance to explain the situation, Simon Selfridge returns home. Simon calls a doctor, and Garry eventually recovers from his injury. She is involved in a romantic relationship with Garry Homes (Earle), an honest man from a modest background. He does however leave his dog behind to watch over Peggy; she becomes immediately attached to him and insists on adopting him. Margaret Selfridge (Hulette) lives with her affluent father, Simon (Currier) and her Aunt Abigail (Lucy Beamont) in a mansion in New York City.
Stung to fury by the frustration of his plot, Men-Hari stabs his father in the stomach with a long dagger. He also bars Men-Hari from entering the sacred flame, and denounces him as the power-mad traitor that he is. Partly at Kallikrates' bidding, Men-Hari wrests the leadership of the Magi away from Za-Tor, and leads the rest of the Magi in a forbidden occult ritual to overpower and destroy Kassim. As the two lovers begin making their way back to civilization, the last fragments of the giant sculpture of Ayesha that stood above the entrance are engulfed by the sacred flame, signifying the end of Kuma and the Magi for all time. In direct response, the sacred flame explodes outward, and an earthquake begins to tear the city apart. A beautiful young European girl, Carol, is drawn through mental telepathy to the ancient lost city of Kuma, there to become the reincarnation of its lost former ruler, Ayesha, and consort of her predecessor's lover, Kallikrates. To achieve this, however, he must bring Carol to Kallikrates before the sacred flame is ignited during a once-in-a-lifetime astronomical alignment. In return, Men-Hari, a member of the Magi, the ancient Chaldean race of wise men, will also be allowed to enter the sacred flame and become immortal, which will expand his already formidable mental powers to the point where he will be able to take over the entire world. As the others watch in horror, Kallikrates ages hundreds of years in a matter of seconds, then dies and crumbles to dust. As Phillip rushes to Za-Tor's aid, Men-Hari attempts to kill him, but Kallikrates' guards kill Men-Hari with their swords at their king's command.
Marcy leaves Paul her number and informs him that she lives with a sculptor named Kiki Bridges, who makes and sells plaster of Paris paperweights resembling cream cheese bagels. Paul returns to Julie's apartment where she begins to sketch his portrait while they talk. On his way to visit Marcy, his $20 bill is blown out the window of the cab, leaving him with only some spare pocket change. Paul explains he's being pursued and June, also a sculptress, offers to help him. After he attempts to confront them, they flee, dropping the sculpture in the process. Kiki and a stout man named Horst have already left to go to Club Berlin, a nightclub. by Peggy Lee and asks a woman named June to dance. This is the first in a long series of misadventures for Paul that turn hostile through no fault of his own. However, she won't let him out of the plaster, which eventually hardens, trapping Paul in a position that resembles the character depicted in Edvard Munch's painting The Scream. The burglar duo then breaks into the Club Berlin and steals him, placing him in the back of their van.
After getting released Ajoy and Arun come to Joydeb's house to take Tithi with them. Ultimately after numerous violent incidents Joydeb decides to marry off Chaitali by force. Joydeb and pisi (Arpita Baker) transform into good human beings and the misunderstanding ends finally. But accidentally he chops off poor Ranjan's left hand with a chopper. Though the estranged couple still love each other, they can never unite again due to social constraints. Ajoy and Chaitali re-unite after a long gap. Ajoy fights bravely but injured. 15 years go by. Chaitali leaves home even after repeated requests from Ajoy's mother and his widow sister Dipa to stay back. There every single truth gets revealed.
Athena uses her wiles to lead a revolt, mowing down guerrillas with machine guns and leading an escape into the wild, Richter sacrificing his own life to help save theirs. Although he is in love with Athena, he chooses Sister Marie, to spare her virtue. Athena is able to shoot Chen, who dies pledging his love for her. Richter diagnoses a malignant brain tumor and is told that, if his surgery does not save Gung Sa, he and the other prisoners will be put to death. Chen's men pursue and many from both sides are killed. Several nurses including Athena Roberts, Joy Brooks and a Catholic nun, Sister Marie, and a surgeon, Dr. Richter, are taken captive in Indochina by a band of marauders led by Chen Pamok. When the patient survives, Richter is told the women will be kept as sex slaves but, as a reward, the doctor may choose one woman as his own. Sister Marie, appreciating how protective the others have been of her, ultimately picks up a weapon to fight back. He leads them to a jungle fortress guarded by five gates and heavily armed men and demands Dr. Richter treat the gravely ill Gung Sa, a warlord. Chen becomes infatuated with Athena and, after she resists, she is raped.
Ben realizes that he has been impaled with a tire iron, but is apparently unharmed; moments later, he transforms into a zombie. After Johnny abandons her, Barb flees the cemetery and is rescued by Ben, a local college student. After hearing Judy's screams, Barb and the rest of the household attempt to save her, but they are too late. Barb and Ben escape and lock the other zombies in the garage. Ultimately, Tovar plans to have Barb reborn as a zombie, but Barb gets the upper hand and throws him to a pack of zombies, who devour him. After reaching his house, Tovar knocks Ben out and reveals that he was the one who brought the zombies back to life, even so much as bringing his own father back and feeding him with his own blood. Henry, who was bitten by a reanimated Karen and thus doomed to become a zombie, and Hellie, who is completely distraught over the death of her stepdaughter and the eventual reanimation of Henry, decide to commit suicide, and do so. Barb uses the last bullet to kill him, and the zombies break through the gate. Barb sets the house on fire, but Tovar catches her and brings her back to the mortuary along with an unconscious Ben in the trunk. Barb and Ben leave with Tovar to what they believe is safety, while Henry and Hellie barricade themselves upstairs.
A shocked Rita tearfully forgives Justice, while berating herself for not listening to his side of the story, and is happy he is now beginning to understand her. By the time Justice reaches her, Rita is lying inside Max's coffin, almost completely changed into an evil vampire, and threatens to bite Justice. Later the next day, Justice finds Rita in her apartment; Rita has been asleep all day with her apartment completely darkened. This Dhampir turns out to be NYPD Detective Rita Veder, who is still dealing with the death of her mentally ill mother (a paranormal researcher) some months before. Zeko gives Justice an ancient dagger with instructions to either kill Maximillian or risk being killed by Rita. When she tells Justice about having "a strange feeling" about the investigation, he reacts in a skeptical manner, which frustrates Rita. Soon after, Maximillian infects Julius with his vampiric blood, turning Julius into a decaying ghoul; he then explains that he has come to Brooklyn in search of the Dhampir daughter of a vampire from his native Caribbean island in order to live beyond the night of the next full moon. An abandoned ship crashes into a dockyard in Brooklyn, New York, and the ship inspector, Silas Green, inspects it, finding it full of corpses. Just as the two goons are about to kill Julius, Maximillian, a suave, mysterious vampire (who arrived on the ship in his intricately carved coffin), intervenes and kills them. Overjoyed, he tells his uncle Silas, "There's a new vampire in Brooklyn, and his name is Julius Jones.
Carolyn grabs him for disobeying her and Woody grabs her and carries her out of the room. Troy, who has sneaked out to the corner store, sees Vic getting arrested as she leaves the store. On Troy's tenth birthday, she gets a letter from Carolyn. The boys cry, but Troy remains stoic. Later that evening, Woody tells the kids that their mother has cancer and must stay in the hospital. Carolyn later turns off the TV. Troy has fun with Viola despite a dislike of her snobby Aunt Song and her dog, Queenie. The Carmichaels' next-door neighbor, Tony Eyes, continuously sings. Troy assumes the matriarch role that Carolyn left behind. Troy stays with her cousin, Viola (Patriece Nelson), who was adopted by Uncle Clem and Aunt Song.
In 1958 in Ferren Woods, a small backwater town, an old blind witch, Ms. Osie, feeds a deformed orphan named Tommy; he is the offspring of Pumpkinhead. Jenny notices Ms. Osie's cabin on fire and Danny and his friends flee. Danny inadvertently hits Ms. Osie, and when they go to her cabin to check on her, they find a spellbook and vials of blood, which she is planning to use to resurrect Tommy. Since Sean had saved his life years earlier as a boy, and because Jenny was innocent of hurting Ms. Osie, Tommy allows Jenny to step down to her father safe and sound. Unbeknownst to Danny and his friends, the spell they'd attempted worked, resurrecting Tommy in the form of Pumpkinhead. After Ms. Osie catches them, she orders them out. Ms. Osie is badly burnt and ends up in the hospital. Ms. Osie dies, but not before revealing to Sean some clues. Soon, Judge Dixon's friends begin to meet grisly deaths. Sean grew up in Ferren Woods and returned when offered a job as the local sheriff.
Young enters the house and meet Jack Mulhall who senses something different about Waring and immediately falls in love with Young. When night falls, Young lets Hatton and Barraud into the house and they attempt to open the safe. The charges against Waring are dropped and Young accepts Mulhall's proposal of marriage. Loretta Young plays the part of an orphan who has been raised by two thieves (Raymond Hatton and George Barraud) and does not know that she has a twin sister who is now a wealthy socialite (Loretta Young as Margaret Waring). Eventually Young discovers that Waring is her twin sister when they discover that they have matching lockets. Waring happens to enter the house and is shocked to find a woman that looks like her. She is wounded by Barraud and Young tricks the police into thinking that Waring is an imposter and thief. Hatton and Barraud convince Young that she should impersonate the socialite so that they can enter her house and steal the contents of her safe. One day, while she is dining at a Chinese restaurant with her two guardians, they notice the wealthy socialite and are taken aback at how closely she resembles Young. Even though Mulhall knows the truth, he keeps quiet because he is in love with Young.
He is met there by his father, Martin Shaw (Bruce Willis), an advisor for the government, who he has a tense relationship with. Lucia takes him to a nightclub, to a friend who has medical experience that cauterizes the wound. Will arranges a meeting with his father's friend Diego at his office and meets receptionist Lucia Caldera (Verónica Echegui), Diego's niece, where he fights off one of Carrack's men. The pair go to Diego's apartment, but he was killed by Carrack and Gorman. Will and Lucia pursue Carrack through Madrid, until eventually their cars collide and Lucia is seriously injured. When he returns, he can no longer find his family in the yacht. Will is offered a job in the CIA; whether he accepts is left unresolved. Zahir's men surround the deal but give away their position, so Carrack starts attacking and escapes, during which Lucia kills Gorman in a car crash. Will's preoccupation with the phone results in a sailing accident where Will leaps to save his brother's (Rafi Gavron) girlfriend Dara (Emma Hamilton) from being hit by the yacht's boom but she hits her head on a winch. Will lets Gorman escape so he can follow him, leading them to Carrack, who tries to sell the briefcase in an underground car park.
Billy's father sends him to the gym to learn boxing, but Billy dislikes the sport. Fourteen years later in 1998, Billy, now 25, takes the stage to perform the Swan in Matthew Bourne's Swan Lake, as Jackie, Tony, and Michael watch from the audience; his father is visibly moved by the performance. Mrs. Wilkinson believes Billy is talented enough to study at the Royal Ballet School in London, but due to Tony's arrest during a skirmish between police and striking miners, Billy misses the audition. Mrs. Wilkinson tries to persuade Jackie to let her pay for the audition, but he replies that Billy is his son and he does not need charity. He happens upon a ballet class that is using the gym while their usual basement studio is temporarily being used as a soup kitchen for the striking miners. Instead, his fellow miners and the neighbourhood raise some money and Jackie pawns Billy's mother's jewelry to cover the cost, and Jackie takes him to London to audition. Over Christmas, Billy learns his best friend Michael is gay. Although very nervous, Billy performs well, but he punches another boy in frustration at the audition, fearing that he has ruined his chances of attaining his dream. Jackie attempts to cross the picket line to pay for the trip to London, but Tony stops him. Later, Jackie catches Billy dancing in the gym and realises his son is truly gifted; he resolves to do whatever it takes to help Billy attain his dream.
His family is against this marriage decision because of the vast difference in their social status, but that does not bother Rohit at all and he does not care. After five minutes of this delight, he disappears and she is surrounded by silence. In all the subsequent ceremonies and meetings/parties, Rohit and Chandni pretend to be strangers to spare Lalit. They are both delighted to see each other with tears in their eyes and to her amazement, he can now stand on both feet without stumbling and also does a little dance. Rohit is able to stand now and no longer needs a wheelchair. She comes so close to him, hugs him and starts crying, at which Lalit realises that she is the woman Rohit was always talking about, but hiding her identity. After a few years of dating and wooing, she finally agrees to this and meets Lalit's mother (Waheeda Rehman), who is so delighted to have a super pretty daughter-in-law. His family, who are all at the hospital, greet her with stony expressions and accuse her of being the cause for Rohit's falling from the helicopter. She is informed by Rohit's family that Rohit has been hospitalised. When she reaches home downstairs, she has a bad feeling that something ominous has happened.
It is later revealed that the gun had been switched and was loaded with blanks. Sam and Kevin get up and are greeted by Rob who was in on the plan the whole time. Since he has evidence incriminating them in the plans, they accept. All is fine until a famous criminal, Leo Gillete (Suchet), breaks into Sam's apartment, steals the trio's plans for a jewelry warehouse heist and accomplishes it. He then blackmails the group into designing and executing a plan to steal $20 million in bonds from a bank. Tension escalates within the group as Rob befriends Leo, while Kevin and Sam attempt to hinder his plans. The rules of the game include the three of them to have the necessary technical and physical abilities to carry out the tasks required for the heist, and they cannot use a loaded gun. [3] Leo is taken in custody while the friends drive away in their car. But the situation turns against them when Leo and Rob force them into an elevator and crashing it.
However, they mistakenly wind up in the gorilla enclosure. The marriage, however, is short lived. Dan Rayburn (Robin Williams) and Charlie Reed (John Travolta) are best friends and co-owners of a successful sports marketing firm. Desperate to help Dan communicate with the children despite his inexperience with children, Charlie recruits his friend Jimmy Lunchbox (Bernie Mac), a flamboyant children's entertainer, who is famous around the world. When Craig goes missing after arriving there, Charlie and Dan must fly to Tokyo themselves to work. However, the guys have sealed their Japanese deal, sending junior associate Craig (Seth Green) to Tokyo. Seven years later, Vicki resurfaces to tell Dan that their short marriage resulted in something he never suspected: twins Zach (Conner Rayburn) and Emily (Ella Bleu Travolta). When the jet pack stops working in mid-air, he is taken to an ambulance on a stretcher. Everything is great with Vicki as she returns home upon having served time in jail. At the same time, the two must finalize a huge marketing deal with a Japanese company; something they've always dreamed of, but will take all of their talents to clinch.
Shashi's brother, by now convinced of Roop Lal's changed nature and good intentions as well as the deep love between the couple, starts the preparations for her marriage. She asks him to use his talent – of being able to connect with the common man through his songs – for something important (especially when the struggle for independence is on) and not for frivolous matters. Back in an unspecified time period, Shashi is a bright young woman who never fails to read the works of a poet named Phillauri that is regularly published in a local weekly. Subsequently, love blossoms between the two (the poet and the singer who translates her poetry to song and spreads its message far and wide), but Shashi's elder brother (a reputed doctor of the village who brought her up) eventually comes to know about the affair and intervenes between the lovers. As a result, from that day onwards he is haunted by the spirit of a woman named Shashi (Anushka Sharma), who lived in that particular tree and hence claims to now be 'married' to him. When he confronts her one-day and tells her that he is the Phillauri who writes the poetry by narrating one of his famous poems to her, he is shocked when Shashi slaps and insults him. The record label mentions the recording date as 13 April 1919, which results in an epiphany for Kanan who immediately takes Anu (with Shashi in tow) to the site of the Jallianwala Bagh massacre, which took place on that very day 98 years ago. From that day onwards Roop Lal is a changed man, dedicating his life to knowing and understanding the poetry of Phillauri (which it is clear now that he is not the author of), and spreading its message via his beautiful singing to others. Everyone in the village of Phillaur thinks that the poems are written by the singer Roop Lal 'Phillauri' (Diljit Dosanjh), who is the heart-throb of the village. Meanwhile, Roop Lal records the songs in Amritsar (the gramophone record is credited to Roop Lal 'Phillauri', thus being an amalgam of his name and her pseudonym) and is paid a handsome fee of three hundred rupees.
On telling this everybody cried and one by one went from the sight forever. Guru went mad and rushed to college where Bala's memories were wandwering. Gowri yelled at her But Nandha told she is correct because we lost a member from our gang forever and without him we won't make a best gang.Adding to this he also said "If we all know about anyone's love earlier we wouldn't lost Bala. The other friends helped Guru and Krishna to clear their arrears and they got Placements in companies. At college Shiney and Krishna said they won't get married because they felt guilty and pain for Bala's death. Shiney and Krishna were the last to go and the film ends. Krishna(Amzath Khan),Nandha(Nandha),Bala(Harish),Guru(Sivam),Krithika Rao (KK)(Yamini), Gowri(Mrinalini)were friends in their college since I-year.Later, Shiney George(Priya Anand) joined in their gang and soon Shiney and Krishna Fell in Love. This means,we were not loyal to ourselves and friendship". Shiney's father accepted her love and at the last day Krishna and Shiney opened their love to all their friends.On that night,Bala attempted suicide and died in the hospital. KK told all its only possible if we all departed forever.
Before Sathya becomes a policeman, he beats up Daya for attempting to molest Kiruba's sister Udhra (Vijayalakshmi), though none including Kiruba knows of this. Kiruba joins along to get money for his father's angioplasty, though he doesn't realize until it's too late that he is doing illegal things and harming young children. Parallel is the story of Deena Dayalan (Prasanna) and Loganathan aka Logu (Pandiarajan), who extort money from businessmen through kidnappings. Kiruba's father lies to Sathya that he has gone to Mumbai, but Sathya finds him in the local bar, having become a drunkard. Sathya recognizes Kiruba's voice from the ransom call he makes to the IG, and follows Udhra from the hospital, who has been instructed to bring a bag full of cash from their home (kept there by Daya), to the sugarcane field. Meanwhile, Sathya identifies Daya from the characteristics, with a background check revealing that Daya was accused of raping his senior's wife in the army. Just a day before the exam, Sathya decides to take up the exam as well, much to his friend's surprise and with little head start, passes the physical, written and interview, with the help of malpractices and influence from his uncle and becomes an SI. The ending scenes of the film show Sathya and Udhra getting married and having a son, whom they name Kiruba. Sathya gains fame by holding off knife-wielding men who come to kill an injured man at a hospital, though the man is killed later in the night. Daya kills his own man during this raid to avoid information being passed, and hatch a plan to escape to Bihar in a poultry van.
Later that night, Clarissa calls Matt, but he is reluctant to talk to her. After, Tim and his friend Moko steal Moko's father's car to drive to Feck's. Later, at Jamie's funeral, each of the teenagers show emotion during the wake. Layne panics, but Samson remains calm. He returns to his home, where Tim and Moko accost him and steal his gun. At dawn, Samson falls asleep on the river bank, and Feck shoots him in the head. Tim arrives at the scene with Feck's gun and threatens to kill Matt for hitting him the night before, but Matt talks him out of it. Tim returns home where his brother Matt (Keanu Reeves) and mother are searching for his little sister's doll. On the car ride there, Layne recounts a party from the night before where John and Jamie were arguing. Matt and Clarissa go to a park to talk, where they confide their mutual apathy over Jamie's murder.
Spence leads the remaining three men towards an oasis. In North Africa, experienced Sergeant Kelly (Thomas Mitchell) leads out a British patrol, accompanied by Corporal Colin Spence (Henry Fonda), an unassertive Canadian. His newfound assertiveness extends to his personal life. Before they can reach it though, a transport plane lands and disgorges German soldiers who set up a base. Later, Kelly leads the six survivors on an attack of an Italian armored car, but is seriously wounded. The British emerge victorious, though one man is killed and Spence is wounded. Instead, Spence leads them in a surprise attack under the cover of a sandstorm. When they are attacked by Italian airplanes, they manage to shoot one down, but it crashes on one of their vehicles, killing eight men. He orders Spence to leave him behind; when Spence refuses to obey, he shoots himself. After sneaking in to steal badly needed food and water, Spence has to assert his leadership when one of his men advocates surrendering.
Furious, the Piper leaves without his money, and the Mayor plots to use the gold to construct the chimes. But Paul is accidentally left behind, after he falls while trying to catch up with the other children and the cave closes before he can pass through. The Pied Piper (Van Johnson) is first spotted working magic in Hamelin by a disabled boy, Paul, and playing his signature tune In the Hall of the Mountain King. To this end, the Mayor (Claude Rains) exhorts the people to work incessantly, even the children, to the extent that they are denied school and play. The town of Hamelin has entered a competition in order to win a banner from the King. Truson, who is in love with the Mayor's daughter Mara (Lori Nelson) is thrown in jail for speaking out against this injustice. When he plays "In the Hall of the Mountain King" and leads the rats to their doom in the river, the children quickly fall asleep and only the material-minded adults such as the Mayor, but not Truson, can hear the music. The Mayor plans to marry off Mara to the King's Emissary (Jim Backus), but at this point, the Piper takes his revenge. (He can appear inside the council room although the door is bolted.) The rest of the plot concerns the resolution of the Truson-Mara love story, the attempts of the adults to bring back the children, and the townsfolk and the Mayor.
Puranchand, Khubchand's younger brother, had died a few years ago. Despite Bhishamchand's efforts to mediate between the two, the situation gets out of hand and events take a tragic turn. A series of events brings the long-hidden feud between the two families to light. Bhishamchand, a lifelong bachelor, brought up the two sons of Ramchand upon his demise. His three sons are Dharamraj (Raj Babbar), Balraj (Kulbhushan Kharbanda) and Bharatraj (Anant Nag). Ramchand and Bhishamchand were two pioneering brothers in business. This is a tale of intrigue, plots and the inevitable war between two families. Dhanraj's men accidentally kill the young son of Balraj and to take revenge, Bharatraj murders Karan. Khubchand (Vinod Doshi), the elder son of Ramchand begets two sons, Dhanraj (Victor Banerjee) and Sandeepraj (Akash Khurana). Quite a few skeletons from the family cupboard are brought into the open that only add to the tensions and hatred, finally culminating in the destruction of the two families, showing the brittleness of our moral fabric.
One is able to call police. Travis is puzzled as to why the men were armed. Agent Johnson fires at them, but he is stopped by his partner who balks at murdering a woman and two kids. She allows him to keep it when Travis shows the level of intelligence that the dog possesses. The agents take the women to the cabin to use as hostages, but Travis throws a homemade Molotov cocktail at the NSO agents, allowing the two women to run into the cabin. Meanwhile, Travis finds the dog in the back of his car and a military/police force is sweeping the area for the escapees. Travis, his mother, Tracey and the dog regroup and leave in the beaten truck as the farmhouse burns down. He fires, then picks up the injured dog, and the three drive to a veterinarian. He then abruptly murders the sheriff. Travis takes the dog to his father's old cabin in the woods.
Bobo's cousins, the Chopstick Sisters (Charlene Choi, Gillian Chung), also happen to be at the hands of Kin, who took them as his goddaughters. In the pile of debris, Fugu finds a lamp which was unable to turn on. At the same time, Fugu also receives a call from his aunt informing him that her cousin, Jane Lam (Christy Chung), who is a student of Stanford University studying Aerospace Technology, have gone mad due to over-studying, and is now missing. One time in a mahjong game, Bobo's failed spells causes Man to be exposed from his cheating, and thus, he forges a rivalry with gang boss Kin (Francis Ng). Man and Sam both thinks Bobo is Fugu's cousin. However, as Bobo fails in her spells, the trio do not believe her to be sorceress, but she continues to help them in secret. In 1969 of Hong Kong, private detective agency director Man (Sean Lau) and his two employees, Sam (Louis Koo) and Fugu (Jordan Chan), are investigating an adultery case, where they track their target and crashing into an antique shop, where they end up causing a lot of damage there. Man, who is greedy and miserly, forces Sam and Fugu to be held responsible for the damages, while Sam pushes all responsibility solely on Fugu. Bobo arrives at Man's agency and asks the trio to each make a wish, so she can return to her world. Fugu is worried to ask Man for a leave of absence.
Greg becomes jealous of him. He is spotted by a neighbour who mistakes him for Rowley. On Halloween, the two boys encounter teenagers while trick or treating, and they are drenched with water. Greg states his intention of becoming the most popular student in school. At the performance, Greg refuses to sing as Rodrick is videotaping the performance, and begins throwing apples, ending the play in chaos. After the title sequence, Greg attends his first day at middle school and discovers the ups and downs, such as the missing stall doors in the boys' bathroom and the difficulties of obtaining a seat during lunch break. Rodrick is grounded for leaving his magazines out in the open where their baby brother Manny is able to find them, but Greg fails to reconcile with Rowley. Surprisingly though, people were brave enough to be close to Greg. At the end of the day, Rowley unintentionally embarrasses both boys by asking Greg if he wants to come over and "play". When the other kids notice that the Cheese has been moved from its original location and has been bitten, Greg covers up for Rowley by saying he ate it.
When he confronts his aristocratic mother (Diane Baker) for insulting Rose due to her race, Rose is impressed and agrees to marry him. At June's farewell party, Lena is shown to have a new vibrant fiancé, who has given Lena what she wants and is accepting of Ying-Ying. Ying-Ying learns that Lena is uncomfortable with her financial arrangements with Harold. Years later, she has a daughter Shoshana from her Chinese ex-husband and is going to marry a Caucasian fiancé, Rich (Christopher Rich), much to Lindo's chagrin. When she tries to play it again, Waverly loses one chess round, prompting her to retire from chess. Suyuan's daughter June (Ming-Na Wen) replaced her when Suyuan died four months before the time the film is set. When she arrives in China to meet her sisters, June tells them the truth about Suyuan and embraces them. Lindo is able to escape the house and moves to Shanghai. When the relatives did not believe An-Mei's mother and kicked her out, she reluctantly became Wu-Tsing's Fourth Wife as she had nowhere else to turn. Hearing the sudden noise, Lena goes to her mother and admits her unhappiness.
When she lies about "making love" with him, the biological side manifests itself in others' reactions to what she said she did. They rest of the girls divide into two "teams", each rooting for and egging on either Ferris or Angel. They both grow up that summer. Angel approaches the same issue from the other side. She then must admit to herself that sex is not a mechanical function she can cynically turn on and off, but is something she deeply wants to do. She views winning the contest as a mechanical, purely biological function, "no big deal" as her mother has told her. Her attitude is now more grounded in reality; she has become more like street-wise Angel. But when she tries to do "it" with Randy in the boathouse, she becomes confused by feelings she did not know she had. This time she pays attention not to clothing removal procedures and condoms, but to her feelings for Randy and proceeds to lose her virginity with him. At the same time, the girls engage in typical teenage behavior, such as food fights and other activities.
Thaddeus J. Banner (Gene Lockhart), a lonely, eccentric millionaire who owns a baseball team, the Brooklyn Loons, takes a liking to a dog-chasing stray cat (played by Orangey), and takes him into his home. Team publicist Eric Yeager (Ray Milland) is named the cat's guardian. He names the cat "Rhubarb," which is baseball slang for an on-field argument or fight. Brooklyn begins winning and will play the powerful New York team for the championship. And when the team's players discover they are owned by a cat, they stage a protest until Yeager persuades them that Rhubarb brings them luck. Brooklyn's fortunes turn for the worse while the search for Rhubarb goes on, until the cat finally escapes from his captors and races to the ballpark to save the day. Banner's unhappy daughter Myra (Elsie Holmes) files a lawsuit, contesting the will. His fiancée Polly Sickles (Jan Sterling), daughter of the team's manager (William Frawley), is terribly allergic to Rhubarb, causing many problems. But a bookie who stands to lose big if Brooklyn wins decides to kidnap the cat.
They were discovered, and ten were shot. The threesome drink together, and Rasmusson leaves in a noticeably cheerier mood, thankful to have spared Martha the distress of losing her husband. Martha is satisfied that her husband has not lied, until the final moments, when Jorgen reveals he has been out for the day on business, settling the estate of a late uncle - who has left him the princely sum of £5,000. Rasmusson concludes that the only other survivor must have been the informer, whom he suspects has returned to the country to claim the equivalent of £5,000 stolen from the organisation. The distraught Martha refuses to believe her husband could have lied to her, but eventually admits she has some doubts. She receives a visit from the mysterious Mr. Rasmusson (Douglas Wilmer), who claims to have been a "comrade" of her husband during World War II. When Jorgen rings, Martha tells him there is a visitor, but Rasmusson is furious that she has told him he is waiting, and produces a gun. He reveals that he and Jorgenson were two of a group of 12 men in the Danish underground resistance. After more than ten years, he has sought out Jorgenson in order to kill him in revenge. He asks her not to tell her husband he is there if he should call.
Karuppu is very talented in breeding and training roosters, while Durai is very rich, owns three bars in the town of Thiruparangundram, and is also talented in cock training. While initially happy that Karuppu won, Pettai is soon overcome with anger and jealousy. In Madurai, veteran rooster trainer Pettaikaaran aka Pettai (V. I. S. Jayapalan) and Police Inspector Rathnaswamy (Naren) are tough competitors in cockfights, and it is often Pettai who wins because nobody knows his way of maintaining the quality of the birds. Pettai also starts spinning stories about his associates and makes everyone suspicious of each other. He incites Karuppu and Durai into pitting their roosters in a fight. Durai initially suspects Rathnaswamy, and all of Pettai's gang wants revenge. Karuppu surreptitiously enters the contest as Pettai's team before Pettai can choose the rooster because he needs to repay Irene for the loan he took to prepare his rooster for the fight. Karuppu finds that Pettai was the one who stole his money, and a guilt-ridden Pettai kills himself. Rathnaswamy keeps insisting and tries to make him accept the challenge through cajoling, threatening, bribing and other vile acts. In the crucial fight, Rathnasamy brings high breed roosters from Bangalore.
